"""
FILE NAME: README.txt

DESCRIBTION: this file contains detailed information about the project.
	     Specifically, the project strcuture, and the algorithms 
	     implementations.
"""

Project Name: Connect Four Game
Project Description: 

2) Implement the game Connect Four in Julia. Implement the board,
positions in the game, two players, moving in turns, and a test
that determined whether the game has been won. Your implementation
must detect illegal moves and raise an error when a move is illegal.
The default board in Connect Four has a size of 7 ×6; your
implementation should also allow differently-sized boards
>>> I created three files for each object: Board, Player, ConnectFour.
I also created a Test file to test certain functionalities.

- Board: represents a board object with a constructor that takes two
values: height and width. The board creates a 2D array of the given
dimensions. It allows to add a checker (or checkers) at a given column,
and detects illegal checkers or full columns, or full boards.

- Player: represents a player object which has a designated checker
and a number of moves to keep track. The player has different
algorithms to choose its next move, namely: Random, MiniMax, or
Monte Carlo.
        >>> Random: selects a random available column
        >>> Minimax:
        >>> Monte Carlo

- ConnectFour: represents the game, which initializes a board of
user-input dimensions, and two players with a specified playing
algorithm (listed above), alternates turns between players, and
ends the game if a win or a tie occur.





4) Consider a modified version of the Connect Four game in
which both players have one additional type of move they can play:
randomly drop one stone in an open column and force the next player
to also randomly drop one stone in an open column. Modify your
algorithm to play this modified version of Connect Four
>>>


5) Modify your agent to use Monte Carlo Tree Search instead
of the Minimax algorithm. You can use a random playout or design
a different strategy.
>>>

yu
